Who was the last president of the Soviet Union?
What political system was gradually dismantled in South Africa, starting in 1989? 
Where is the Suez Canal?
What's the symbol for iron?
Where is the Golden Gate Bridge?
Where is Broadway?
What's the first name of Shakespeare?
Where is the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
Where is Notre Dame?
Where is the Pyrenees?
What bird was domesticated first?
Why doesn't a duck's quack echo?
What's the difference between a pig and a hog?
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
How long does it take light from the sun to reach the earth?
How far is the moon from the earth?
How much bigger is the sun than the earth? 
Which planet is closest to the sun?
What is the sun made out of?
What powers the sun?
How old is the sun?
How old is the earth?
How old is the universe?
Which planet spins the fastest?
Which planet spins the slowest?
How long is a Martian year?
Does the sun rotate?
How big is the Milky Way?
What is the Milky Way?
What star other than the sun is closest to the earth?
What are the two top selling spices in the world?
What is the most widely eaten fish in the world?
What nation produces two thirds of the world's vanilla?
What was the first commercially manufactured breakfast cereal?
Where did the pineapple plant originate?
What nutty legume accounts for one sixth of the world's vegetable oil production?
What country saw the cultivation of the first potato, in 200 A.D.?
What tree gives us prunes?
What falling fruit supposedly inspired Isaac Newton to write the laws of gravity?
What method of preserving food did the Incas first use, on potatoes?
What's the only fish that produces real caviar, according to the FDA?  
What's the groundnut better known as? 
What sticky sweetener was traditionally used as an antiseptic ointment for cuts and burns?
What scale of zero to 14 is used to measure acidity or alkalinity?
What unit of electrical power is equal to one joule per second? 
What planet is closest in size to our moon?
What's the common name for a cubic decimeter? 
What measure of energy comes from the Latin word meaning "heat"? 
What's removed from water in the process of desalination?
What species Amazonian electric variety packs a 650 volt wallop? 
what's the base unit of mass in the metric system?
What's the only metal that's not a solid at room temperature?  
What unit of measure do you multiply by .39 to convert it to inches?
What method of underwater detection is short for "sound navigation and ranging"?
What process involves heating an ore to obtain a metal? 
What's the U. S. equivalent of 0.45 kilograms? 
What continent is subjected to the world's largest ozone hole?
What sea creature can have an eye measuring 16 inches across, the largest in the animal kingdom?
What explosive cosmic event was seen with the naked eye in 1987, for the first time in 383 years?
What three terms are represented in Newton's second law of motion F = ma?  
How many planets are in the solar system?
What's the most malleable metal? 
What was the first country to recognize Mexico's independence, in 1836?
What Russian cleric was poisoned, shot and finally drowned on December 30, 1916?
Who led the Million Man March on Washington?
What country suffered the worst two earthquakes in history, killing 830,000 in 1556 and 750,000 in 1976?
Who did Adolf Hitler dictate Mein Kampf to while in prison?
What physicist's last words were not understood because his nurse did not speak German? 
What socialist writer's last words were: "Last words are for fools who haven't said enough"?
Who did Yigal Amir assassinate in 1995? 
What Argentinean was buried in a Milan cemetery under the pseudonym Maria Maggi
What 1947 invention by Bell Telephone Laboratories spawned pocket-sized radios? 
What Italian astronomer invented the thermometer in 1592?
Who averaged one patent for every three weeks of his life? 
What mathematical symbol did math whiz Ferdinand von Lindemann determine to be a transcendental number in 1882?
What do you call an angle more than 90 degrees and less than 180 degrees? 
What's a flat image that can be displayed in three dimensions?
What number does "giga" stand for? 
What digit did Arab mathematician al-Khwarizmi give to the West around 800 B/B? 
What word describes a number system with a base of two? 
What do mathematicians call a regular polygon with eight sides?
What two letters are both symbols for 1,000? 
What's short for "binary digit"?
What century did mathematicians first use plus and minus signs?
What's the most frequently diagnosed cancer in men?
What does "CPR" stand for in medical emergencies?
What, along with heart disease and cancer, accounts for 64 percent of U.S. deaths?
What virus did the World Health Organization say would infect 40 million people by the year 2000?
What do doctors look at through an ophthalmoscope?
What do leukemia sufferers have too many of? 
What's the medical term for low blood sugar?
What's the common term for a cerebrovascular accident?
What was Friedrich Serturner the first to extract from opium and use as a pain reliever?
What disease is the focus of oncology?
How many U.S. states border the Gulf of Mexico?
What continent is cut into two fairly equal halves by the Tropic of Capricorn?
What explorer introduced pigs to North America?
What nation was bounced from the Organization of American States in 1962?
What spot once registered 134 degrees, the highest temperature ever in the U.S.?
What was the first organ successfully transplanted from a cadaver to a live person?
What F-word is defined in physics as a "nuclear reaction in which nuclei combine to form more massive nuclei"?
What was the first planet to be discovered using the telescope, in 1781?
Which country gave the USA the 'Statute of Liberty?
What is the name of the worlds higest water fall?
What is the official language of australia?
What is the smallest populated city in the world?
Where is the worlds largest supply of fresh water?
What is the eastern most capital in the United Sates?
What is the deepest lake in the U.S?
Where is the Highest Elevation on Earth?
Where is the tallest Mountain on Earth?
What is the term used for a person of mixed black and white parentage?
What is the Indiana state bird?
What is the first organisms to grow back after fire?